first I want to do a shout out to a
channel called cook and share it's got
some fantastic recipes sort of food I
love to eat and cook so went over to his
channel and subscribe now I'm really
excited about this one I'm going to show
you my Vietnamese chicken sandwich it's
just an explosion of flavors
first thinly sliced cucumber carrot and
daikon add vinegar to a pan followed by
sugar on a medium heat stir well when
the sugar is dissolved add carrot daikon
and cucumber now bring to a light boil
turn off the heat and let sit for 10
minutes next add chicken to a bowl
followed by honey soy sauce garlic and
fish sauce now mix well and marinade for
one hour after 10 minutes strain the
vinegar then transfer the vegetables to
a bowl also for some heat slice a Lupino
after 1 hour our chicken to a grill pan
and cook
when the chicken is cooked take out and
leave to rest and the bread I'll be
using for this sandwich is a crispy
multigrain baguette
so they have a one delicious sandwich
packed full of flavor
so let's talk into this I'm looking
forward to this one
hmm I love this sandwich it's delicious
it's sweet its tangy it's spicy give it
a go guys